well howdy there Internet people it's
about again I don't normally talk about
native issues because I get a little
testy okay we're gonna talk about one
today because it was a when for the most
part the grizzly effective Tuesday
that's Tuesday is uh protected again and
the Greater Yellowstone area is back on
the endangered species act list there
this was the result of some very hard
work by a coalition of native groups and
I guess there were some conservationists
thrown in there too that's a win that is
a win Liz Cheney the third highest
ranking member of the Republican Party
representative from Wyoming at large
said that it was the result of excessive
litigation by people intent on
destroying our Western Way of life oh
man oh man there there's a whole lot to
talk about there Western Way of life I
don't know what that means I don't know
what that means
see you must be talking about the
European Way of life the colonizers way
of life because protecting this animal
is certainly the American Way of life
really interesting use of use of words
they're good way to exclude because
they're not your people right if you
consider them people I noticed you
blasted Elizabeth Warren for her claim
which whatever and yet great protector
of the natives that you are you said
nothing about Trump's jokes about the
genocide
I guess we see why now they're not your
people they're not part of your way of
life says a whole lot you know if you
want to be part of the European Way of
life you could always go back to say I'm
not gonna do that I'm not gonna do what
your boss didn't tell you to go back to
where you came from because this is a
teachable moment see the grizzly to the
natives out there that's not just some
animal that's God for lack of a better
word that's God that powerful creature
is God
there's not a lot of information out
there about the bear dance not really
but there's a whole bunch out there
about the ghost dance and they share a
lot of the same elements you might want
to look into that just to get a sense of
how important this is there's a lot of
history there you know they used to make
necklaces probably still do out of the
claws not a whole lot of them in white
hands though because they were sacred
wasn't a fashion statement that bear
being so powerful the cause offered him
protection it was like a crucifix that's
how important this animal is borders on
a religious duty to them but see they've
learned long ago that their ways and
their practices mean nothing in a
courtroom religious or locked so they
used environmental law and they won and
somehow that's destroying your way of
life your buddies not being able to go
on high dollar trophy hunts is not
destroying your way of a life destroying
somebody's way of life well that's like
snatching their kids throwing them in
another facility changing their ways
making speak English you're still doing
it times haven't changed that much I
guess just a different group of people
now
your choice of words was sickening and
it's not you're not going to play this
off as a mistake because I mean the
court case is called crow tribe it's not
like you didn't know you were just
making it clear they're not your people
and that's fine that's fine the American
Way of life is not actually extracting
and ripping every single thing you can
out of the earth and giving nothing back
shouldn't be any way we could learn a
lot people that look like you and me we
can learn a whole lot from the natives
we really could
it teaches a whole lot of people out
them anyway it's just a fall and in the
immortal words of your father miss
Cheney go have a good day